hi i'm darren FC I work in animation I
do storyboards and sometimes I like to
paint I chose a theme wonder probably
because I'm always in wonder of the
world and of nature and of everything
you know I I definitely have a lot of
moments where it's like oh you know I
can't believe I'm here and I can't
believe you know like look at this tree
is this such an amazing tree I do it all
the time like I just get really excited
about everything that I take a lot of
walks and look at trees and plants and
even when you're in the city I really
like seeing some nature and being able
to to just kind of look at that and
experience that I think of a lot of
ideas that way you know you're outside
and you're feeling good and I spent a
lot of time in a cubicle too and
especially now that it's getting to be
darker out earlier I get kind of you
know sad you leave work and it's already
dark out you know I'd like to be outside
a little bit every day if I could and it
doesn't always work out today I started
with a thumbnail that I did in Photoshop
on my Cintiq I have a I have a Cintiq at
home that I can actually draw on so I
did a little sketch and just kind of
figure out the colors and stuff it's
actually changed quite a bit since the
sketch too but I started with that so
then I could just kind of dive right
into it and I did the sky first you know
it was a backdrop and the clouds and you
know our foreground here and then I
wanted to render it out the mountains
that was really nice because I could
paint her right over all that what I
really love about acrylics is if you let
a layer dry you can quickly sketch
something out on top of that as I wanted
to paint a girl kind of looking at the
landscape around her and you know kind
of being in awe of everything you know
and being in this kind of fanciful
landscape could be an alien planet maybe
another dimension or something like that
but I was thinking about that a little
bit I mean I know it's sort of subtle
but you got these little likes in here
you know so maybe it could be the world
between worlds is kind of cool she's got
magic orbs that's always cool
I would like a magic orb she has three
eyes because I like painting very eyes
and I do like to do a lot of eyeballs in
paintings and a lot of there's there's
none in this one but usually I'll have
some some kind of little characters sort
of watching whatever the main focus is
you know little animals or a little
something and somebody told me that all
my paintings were sort of voyeuristic
once which you know I guess that could
be a thing she's like a human character
but maybe there's some some animal
emminster like her nose is not entirely
human and her she's got the antlers I
don't think she has a name I don't know
I don't know why but we see Poppins and
for some reason
so then cake subside